(thunder)
(laughing)
Rio, what's wrong?
You almost squeezed
the lunch out of me.
Sorry about that.
It won't happen again.
Why do I keep
having that nightmare?
Who is that guy?
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time we're
in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
This is the location of
the final ruins.
The sixth and seventh
Mythyrian Numbers are there.
These ruins may provide clues on
uncovering the identities
of the final
two Barian emperors.
Sounds like a big deal...
Is Kite gonna join us?
No, he said there was something
he wanted to check out,
but he didn't
tell me what it was.
It's got to be Mizar.
Yeah, well
even if we're a man down,
we can totally handle the job!
True.
Hopefully we will not have
to handle anything
and finding
the Numbers will prove easy.
Yeah, I'm totally looking
forward to nice and easy!
It doesn't matter if it's
impossible!
We're gonna
get 'em no matter what!
Better buckle up...
'cause I'm puttin' the pedal
to the metal!
The legend contained within
hat Mythyrian Number
claimed you used to be human.
I am a Barian, I could never
have been a human.
That legend is nothing
more than a fairytale.
I am done with trying to find
these Mythyrian Numbers.
However you may feel about
those stories,
we still need those numbers
to protect Barian World.
And, if they can help me
find our two missing comrades,
it's even more important to
find them right now.
Hey, Astral...
Are you sure that the Barians
started out as humans?
I do not doubt the memory
I received from the Numbers.
So what turned
them into Barians?
There's gotta be a
reason right?
It is possible that there was
some common factor
in their legends that
reincarnated them as Barians.
If you're smart you won't
worry about
who or what the Barians are.
Why's that?
Because as soon as personal
feelings are involved,
things always get messy.
Remember what happened with
your friend Ray?
Then what's your reason?
What makes you battle against
the Barians, Shark?
I want to make them pay
for what they did
to me and my sister.
Nothing more, nothing less.
I assume that your
philosophy prevents you
from bringing emotions
into a duel?
I duel for myself
and only for myself, period.
Not true.
Rio, are you sure this is
where the ruins are?
The coordinates say it is.
This is definitely the place!
Come.
Hey... Rio!
Rio, what's the matter?
Nothing.
I believe it would be wise to
leave this area
at least for the time being.
Yeah me, too.
(Tori)
Guys!
There's something wrong.
The ship's
power's shutting down!
It appears our airship is going
to stay right where it is.
(Abyss) Come...
Come!
Who are you...
Show yourself now!
Why are you calling?
What do you want from me?
Wait... Who're you
talking to?
What's up with the lights?
Rio, what is it?
Come...
Come to me now.
The lights are back!
Something feels different now.
Rio!
Shark, look at the monitor!
Rio.
Why would she go out on
the deck of the ship like that?
Shark, be careful!
Come...
Come to me...
Rio!
Shark, no!
No, Yuma!
Shark... Rio!
Yuma!
(Shark) Yuma...
Wake up, Yuma!
I guess I must've blacked out
for a while there.
Where are we?
I am not certain.
I, too, lost consciousness
when we were drawn into
the whirlpool.
However, it appears that we are
beneath the bottom of
the ocean.
So the ocean's, like, the sky?
And these footprints...
Rio's here too.
Whoa, check it out.
That thing's enormous.
What do you think this is?
Perhaps this place is some
type of labyrinth.
Look!
Come on, let's see.
My dad's coins.
The Numbers must be here.
Rio has some kind
of mysterious power.
She can see things that
you and I can't,
just like
before on the airship.
I wouldn't be surprised one bit
if what she saw led her
to this place.
I wish she could've seen
something a little less spooky.
(Abyss) Come...
Rio's card.
Hey... Yuma!
What's happening?
Man, it feels like this
labyrinth goes on forever.
I doubt we will find the exit
if we continue to wander
aimlessly.
Well good thing I have a plan!
According to the book,
"3rd Grade Mazes Solved Easily"
all you have to do is
keep making lefts.
Or was it rights?
I dunno, I never finished
the book.
With you, Yuma, there are
no left or rights,
only wrongs.
Well, Shark'll
know how to get out, right?
Where'd he go?
Hey, Shark!
Yo... Shark!
Shark!
Something's weird here.
We went back the exact same
way we came in,
but we still
can't find the entrance!
I am afraid
that the normal rules
do not apply in this labyrinth.
Unfortunately, we have been
walking in circles
this whole time.
Say what?
It is a fact.
I never forget what
I have seen.
We have already passed this
particular mark three times.
But then
that means the entrance
just disappeared somehow!
That is what it means.
That is not good!
Well, if this place won't obey
the laws of physics,
then neither will I!
Here goes!
Wait, Yuma.
Look up ahead!
What the...?
We're all walled in!
There's no way to get out now!
Yes, it is clear that
this labyrinth
is doing whatever it takes
to interfere with our progress.
I bet Shark's
trapped like we are.
(Abyss) Come...
Show yourself!
I never liked playing hide
and seek!
Come.
♪ ♪
Rio?
Rio, you found one of
the Numbers!
What's wrong?
I have been waiting for you
a very long time,
Reginald Kastle.
Wait, you're not Rio.
No.
My name is Abyss.
So you're a Number Guardian.
And you used Rio to bring
us here, didn't you?
You are here because
it is your destiny to battle me.
Now I command the one who is to
carry on my power to awaken.
I don't know
what you're aiming for here...
but I'll be glad to battle you!
Now let Rio go!
Of course I will...
but only if you can defeat me!
I'll defeat you!
I'll do whatever it takes to
get my sister back!
Duel Disk, locked!
Duel Gazer, loaded!
Augmented reality vision link
established.
(Rio, Shark) Let's duel!
Where can they be?
I should have heard something
by now,
unless they're unable to...
You're Dumon!
If you and your friends
are here,
it must mean there
is a Number somewhere nearby.
I don't know anything
about Numbers!
All I know is when we got here,
they jumped into the ocean!
The Ocean?
Oh no, Yuma!
My turn...
I draw!
I summon Big Jaws!
And once this
big fella is on my field,
I can summon Shark Stickers from
my hand!
I overlay Level 3
Big Jaws and Shark Stickers!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Black Ray Lancer!
With that,
I place one card face down
and end my turn.
Then it's my move.
I draw!
I summon Gorgonic Golem!
That lets me also summon
Gorgonic Gargoyle from my hand!
I overlay Level 3 Gorgonic Golem
and Gargoyle!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Appear Gorgonic Guardian!
1,600 attack points.
Too bad my Black Ray Lancer
has 2,100 points!
There's no way
you can defeat me!
Well, we'll
have to see about that.
I activate Gorgonic Guardian's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I can negate the special
abilities
of your Black Ray Lancer
and take away all of its attack
points.
Black Ray Lancer!
No!
That's not all.
Whenever Gorgonic Guardian
is on the field,
monsters with zero
attack points are destroyed.
That can't be.
Gorgonic Guardian,
attack him directly!
I place one card face down
and end my turn.
You are not good enough
to get her back,
shall I remind you?
That light!
What's happening to me?
What the...
What's going on?
Where am I?
This is insane!
How did I get into these
clothes?
(Rio) Brother...
We've been waiting for you.
The time is finally here.
Time... for what?
As you can see
your subjects are
happy to see their emperor.
You mean, I'm... an emperor?
No way I'm an emperor.
None of this is real.
Someone's pulling
a trick on me.
(Vassal A)
Your majesty, your majesty!
Sire, the enemy is attacking!
Enemy?
♪ ♪
This looks bad... really bad.
Something's in the water!
It's Vector!
He's the Mad Warrior who's
been attacking,
plundering
and pillaging our lands!
What is Vector doing here?
It was Abyss.
He's the one
playing tricks on me.
But why?
My turn...
I draw!
If I summon my
monster in attack mode,
Gorgonic Guardian's
special ability
will just destroy it again.
I place my monster face down
in defense mode!
I end my turn.
That Gorgonic Guardian
has 1,600 attack points.
My facedown Skull Kraken has
1,600 defense points.
Since my
monster's in defense mode,
I won't take any damage
next turn.
Get ready dear brother.
It's my move!
And I hope you don't
think you've protected yourself
from Gorgonic Guardian's attack.
Because now I activate
the spell card on my field.
Gorgon Charm!
This card switches a facedown
monster faceup.
That means...
Oh no!
Skull Kraken!
I activate Gorgonic Guardian's
special ability!
Remember, by
using one Overlay Unit,
your Kraken's but rendered
all but useless!
Now I activate Gorgonic
Guardian's additional
special ability!
So now your
Krake will be destroyed!
But I'm not done.
Next, I activate XYZ Unit!
I equip this spell card on to
Gorgonic Guardian,
giving my Xyz Monster
an extra 200 attack points
for every Rank it has.
Gorgonic Guardian, attack!
Astral, we got to get
out of here!
It's Dumon!
Yuma... Astral.
What're you doing here?
I have been following you.
I cannot allow you
to have any more Numbers.
Then you better find some way
to stop me.
You are an opponent I
will eventually have to defeat.
And what better time than
right now.
Bring it on.
♪ ♪